Races should be defined in 3 different codes
one for the race 100, 200, etc
one for the course LCM, SCY, etc

Automated split generation:
When one of these is selected on a spinner, assign a variable noting what has been selected.
After this, you're left with this:
200, LCM, GOAL TIME OF 120000MS, DPS OF 1.5M, Split offset: 3s


What is the offset?
The offset is the value by which the split will increment per 50 while maintaining the original goal time.

Process for calculation:
Pull the amount of 50's in the race from an array. It would be 4. Assign to a variable.

goalTime/50Count = split per 50;


GOAL:
generate splits and display them in an array
make the thing beep at each of the splits

do the automatic input first
steps to complete:
make sure you can pull all fo the data from the spinners and assign them to variables
perform the math to create the splits
create the dynamic array that will house the splits
display the array in the application. Make sure it is able to scroll up and down, displaying all splits even if the race is a 1650 or whatever.


create a manual input method
should be as simple as creating an array that adds a line whenever the precursing line was edited.
Should only house the splits, nothing else, really


Then create the beeping mechanism for whenever the splits

Create a timer for the tempo that will play constantly in the background

This should complete the app's main functions. It should beep whenever you hit a wall and should also beep to display to you the tempo at which you're swimming at.
Things to consider:
- does this need something to who to users what exactly your tempo is? R. no, because they will figure it out eventually
- does this need something to show users

Make an equation that solves the split time for each 50. Needs to be able to divide itself by how many 50s -


Very not-good description of the application:
The sport of swimming is based on physical abilities just as much as it's based on one's mental abilities. When the starter sounds and the clock starts running, nowhere else is this more definite as
a swimmer's mental status will make or break their race even if they are as physically prepared as possible. TempoTimer, developed by Ben Datsko, is an application that allows swimmers to practice their
pre-race preparation in a unique way. This app allows swimmers to enter in their ideal race, goal time, tempo, and their splits (or they can be auto-generated). Upon pressing start, the application will provide
back the race in auditory terms, meaning swimmers will be able to hear the buzzer, when they should turn, their ideal tempo, and their finish time. To use this application to prepare for a race, enter
in your race, your desired splits, tempo, as well as your goal time. Then, press start, plug in headphones, and the application will play back your race for you so you will know exactly how the race will sound
when you enter into the water.